PSST. Hey you. Yeah. Yeah, you playing the game. Yes, I see you. Did you forget you have a camera on that device? Nah, just kidding. I just know you're there because I'm moving! Yes, that's me. The pixel. The square. I understand that word has some negative connotations. Like squares are uncool! What's the alternative, then, circle? M-m, I've met a lot of circles in my day. You don't want to roll with them. Wouldn't want them hanging a round. Although I admit some of them have full curves. At this point you may be wondering, what is this little guy talking about, why is he even running, why am I playing this game?! Haha, yes. Why indeed? The answer may shock you. You won't believe what happens next! 5 reasons you're playing this game that will make you reconsider your notion of fun! Seriously, though, there is an answer. It's a long story, though. You have time, I guess - you are playing an ENDLESS RUNNER after all. Hehe. You see, I used to be a big pixel. I went... on an adventure! Yeah, I know. Big deal, right? Nuh-uh! Every sprite and its maker are going on adventures these days. But I was first. I was adventuring before it was cool! I stormed strongholds, forded fjords, even dodged death by dragons! All this in a time when sprites kept to one screen, and pixels served as ping-pong balls, or - hah! - bullets! Ah, I shouldn't laugh. My grandfather did years of service as a bullet. Killed a final boss once! My mother says it's where I get my ambition. But - oh, got sidetracked. Sorry. Where was I?

Oh yes! After the first Console War, people forgot about me. They wanted sprites with more than one colour, games with guns, magic, complicated menus, cats.... And I was forgotten. So I ditched the old adventure and travelled the world. I spent time as part of lot of sprites during the 16 bit era. I even tried my hand at being on a texture! Ever meet Cloud? I was on the very edge of his sword! You probably swung me... at least 15 times! But now... the textures are so huge you couldn't even point me out on a jug. It seemed all hope was lost. Until one day, BAM! PIXEL ART ALL OVER THE PLACE! Suddenly it seemed like you couldn't go ten hertz without seeing a new sprite sheet who thinks it's bee's vertices. So I thought, this is my chance. I bummed around for a while, researching, trying my hand at different jobs - being an eye here or there, or a star - one time I was a foot! A whole foot! Glorious. Made that little crunching sound as I walked.... Anyway, after a while I grew antsy. I wanted more. I wanted attention! I wanted people to look at me and think... well I don't care what they think as long as they look at me. That's when I found it: this guy, in a 24x24 pixel box, GREYSCALE, capturing everyone's attention for hours on end. And what did he do? Jump. And stumble. JUMP JUMP TRIP ON A BOX INSTANT SUCCESS. I mean come on. This guy has it figured out. So here we are! Infinite runner.

Oh - I left out one detail. Kind of a biggie. Hope you don't mind. You see, in my travels, I ran across a guy named Megabyte. He told me, Adventurer, I see you are a pixel of great worth! I can grant you infinite power! Of course, I jumped on the opportunity. I only had to sell my soul! I thought, haha, I'm not even sure I have a soul. So that was fine. Turns out, I do have one. Did. Also, the power I can have? It's yours.

That's right. I am - RIGHT NOW - sucking the life out of you! I am growing fat off your TIME, your ENERGY. Go ahead- keep sitting there TAPPING, listening to me ramble on. What are you waiting for, anyway? Why are you still playing? You know this is endless, right?! You'll never stop! Have you no job to get to, no family to feed? Perfect. You are exactly the type of deadbeat I need mashing away, no obligations, hypnotised by my - frankly - marvellous voice and interesting gameplay. Well anyway. See you in a while. Hahahahaha!

Hm. It seems I'm - oh, goodness. I'm getting tired. I should be getting stronger! Are you trying to find the end? The point where I stop talking? The "end", even if there is no end to the running, you'll be satisfied with the end of this monologue? And then what? You'll stop... Wait a sec... Megabyte. Infinite power - infinite runner - he must have been referring to this game! What a jerk! I should have known. Nothing is really infinite.... Listen. You're my only hope now. If you care about me at all - I know I don't deserve it - but I'll ask you - for my sake - will you keep playing this game? Forever? Please? I know it's a big favour but... it would really mean a lot. Please?-